cloud: customize doc content for TiDB Cloud in v7.1 (#14349)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-lock-tables-and-unlock-tables.md

A table lock protects against reads or writes by other sessions. A session that holds a `WRITE` lock can perform table-level operations such as `DROP TABLE` or `TRUNCATE TABLE`.

> **Note：**
>
> The table locks feature is disabled by default.
>

> > - For TiDB Self-Hosted, to enable the table locks feature, you need to set [`enable-table-lock`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enable-table-lock-new-in-v400) to `true` in the configuration files of all TiDB instances.

Author: ```suggestion
> - For TiDB Self-Hosted, to enable the table locks feature, you need to set [`enable-table-lock`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#enable-table-lock-new-in-v400) to `true` in the configuration files of all TiDB instances.
```
